Assignment 1: Linear Structures and Java GUI

In this assignment you will implement a doubly linked list, and create a java program to implement the alphabetized roster example from class.

Turn-in Reminders

Include a README.txt file that clearly states how to:
Include a README.txt file that clearly states how to:
Your name and the name of the assignment
Attribution for any sources
Descriptions of each file
Be sure to javadoc all your code!
Part One – Doubly Linked List (35 points)

Part 1a – Implementation (30 points)

You may use your implementation of a singly linked list from CS201 Assignment 5 as a starting point. You should create:
1. a DoublyLinkedListNode<T> class that extends your LinkedListNode
2. a DoublyLinkedList<T> class that extends your LinkedList
You may need to change the access of some of your instance properties from private to protected.
Part 1b – Junit tester (5 points)

Create a Junit tester that tests your list. Think of basic tests to check functionality of each of your methods, and especially check traversal works in both directions. Your grade is partially based on how well you design your tests.
Part Two – Roster Program (65 points)

Part 2a – Functionality (45 points)

Use your implementation from Part One to design and implement a program to keep track of students during the add/drop period. The program should add/remove students while maintaining the alphabetical order of the roster list, and should be able to display the list to the professor.
The student nodes may be as complex as you choose to make them, but must at least include a name in format “Lastname, Firstname”.
If the roster list reaches some maximum size, subsequent students should be added to a second list “waitlist”. The waitlist should not be alphabetized.
For bonus, you may automatically move students from the waitlist to the roster list when the latter drops below the maximum size.
Part 2b – GUI (20 points)

An elegant and simple command line interface will get partial credit, but this an opportunity to show off your java GUI chops! Design and implement something functional and pretty.